>>> ON THIS EDITION FOR SATURDAY
MAY 24, ON THE EVE OF UKRAINE'
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, VLADIMI
PUTIN SITS DOWN WITH A SMALL
GROUP OF REPORTERS
THE POPE BEGINS A TRIP TO TH
MIDDLE EAST.
WHAT IMPACT CAN HE HAVE?
AND ON MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND ON
FAMILY'S JOURNEY TO AND LOVE O
AMERICA.
>> MY GRANDFATHER SAW SUCH A
POWERFUL MOMENT IN HISTORY THA
HE WANTED TO HAVE HIS FAMILY
CARRY A NAME THAT REFER TO A NEW
DAWN
SO THE FIRST BORN IN THE FAMIL
RECEIVED THE NAME NORMANDY
>> NEXT, NEWS HOUR WEEKEND
>>> FROM LINCOLN CENTER IN NEW
YORK
>> GOOD EVENING.
THANKS FOR JOINING US.
THIS IS THE EVE OF UKRAINE'S
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
AND IN THE EASTERN PORTION O
THE COUNTRY MILITANTS PATROL THE
STREET IN AN EFFORT TO HOLD DOWN
THE DOWN OUTIN TOMORROW'
VOTING
UKRAINE'S PRIME MINISTER VOWED
THE ELECTION WOULD PROCEED
DESPITE THE REBELS CALLS FOR A
INDEPENDENT PRO RUSSIA STATE I
THE EAST
TOMORROW WE WILL PROVE TO TH
WORLD.
BUT WE WILL NOT BE INTIMIDAT
AND WE ALONE WILL DECIDE HOW T
CONSTRUCT AND RUN OUR HOME
>> YESTERDAY VLADIMIR PUTIN SAID
HELD EXPECT THE OUTCOME OF
TOMORROW'S VOTING.
FOR MORE, BY PAUL, MANAGIN
EDITOR FOR THE NEWS SERVICE.
HE AND A GROUP OF JOURNALIST
MET TODAY.
WHAT ARE THE HEADLINES FROM THIS
MEETING?
>> YOU KNOW, IT WAS AN
INTERESTING MEETING.
IT WAS THREE HOURS
WHAT BECAME CLEAR DURING THE
WHOLE MEETING WAS THAT PRESIDENT
PUTIN FEELS A REAL SENSE O
AGREEMENT AND ESPECIALLY I WOULD
SAY THE UNITED STATES FOR NO
TAKING INTO ACCOUNT WHAT H
RECORDS AS RUSSIA'S NEEDS,
RUSSIA'S SECURITY INTERESTS, E
CETERA
HE SAID HE DOES NOT WANT THE -
HE DOES NOT WANT TO RECREATE THE
FORMER USSR OR ANYTHING LIKE
THAT
BUT HE ALSO REALLY FEELS THA
RUSSIA IS ENTITLED TO TH
RESPECT OF HIS INTERESTS AS HE
SEES THEM FROM WESTERN
COUNTRIES.
HE WAS, YOU KNOW, CLEARLY MORE
ORIENTED TOWARD EUROPE AND THE
EUROPEAN UNION REACHING OUT TO
THEM THAN TO THE UNITED STATES
AT ONE POINT HE WAS ASKED DO YOU
TALK VERY OFTEN WITH PRESIDENT
OBAMA AND THE ANSWER -- HE SOR
OF SHRUG AND SAID WE TAL
OCCASIONALLY BUT I HAVE TO LEAVE
NOW SO I'M GOING TO TALK TO MR
MOLAND
>> EVERYBODY HAS GOT TO BE
ASKING YOU ABOUT THE ELECTIO
TOMORROW AND WHAT THAT DOES FO
RUSSIA AND THE TROOPS ALONG TH
UKRAINIAN BORDER
>> WHAT HE DID SAY WAS HE'LL
EXPECT RESULTS OF THE ELECTION
AND THE DECISION OF TH
UKRAINIAN PEOPLE BUT HE THINKS
THEY'RE DOING IT ALL WRONG
HE HAS OFFERED TO HAVE
REMEDIATION WITH UKRAINE
CRIMEA VOTED INDEPENDENTLY T
JOIN RUSSIA AND SELF
DETERMINATION SHOULD B
RESPECTED.
HE SAID HE BELIEVED THAT REALL
THE -- THAT THE REPLACEMENT --
REALLY THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAIN
WAS SOMETHING THAT WAS OUTSIDE
OF THE BALANCE OF LAW.
>> WAS THERE ANYTHING THAT
SURPRISED YOU ABOUT THE MEETING?
>> WELL, I THINK THE -- WHAT DID
SURPRISE ME HONESTLY WAS THE
INTENSITY, IF YOU WILL, OF HIS
FEELING OF AGREEMENT
HE REALLY SEEMS TO FEEL THAT
YOU KNOW, THAT THE WEST SORT O
WILLFULLY IGNORED RUSSIA AND
DELEGATED -- RELEGATED RUSSIA TO
MORE OF A SECOND CLASS STATU
OVER LAST 20 YEARS AND THINK
RUSSIA'S LEGITIMATE INTEREST
WERE IGNORED AND HAD NO CHOICE
TO TAKE DECISIVE ACTION TO
PREVENT INDEPENDENT UKRAINE FROM
JOINING NATO
JUST THE DEPTH OF HIS FEELIN
WAS SURPRISING ACTUALLY.
>> PAUL JOINING US FROM ST
PETERSBURG
THANKS SO MUCH
>> THANK YOU
>> POPE FRANCIS ARRIVED IN
JORDAN TODAY
HIS FIRST STOP IN THE MIDDLE
EAST
DURING THE MEETING, THE POPE
CALLED FOR AN URGENT END AND
PRAISED THE KING FOR TAKING IN
MORE THAN 1 MILLION REF FE
GEES
JORDAN IS 3% TO 5% CHRISTIAN AND
THE KING SAID THEY ARE A
INTEGRAL PART OF THE MIDDL
EAST
>>> AND WHAT'S SEEN AS A
POSSIBLE BREAKTHROUGH IN LON
FRONT RELATIONS.
PAKISTAN'S PRIME MINISTER, AND
THE TWO WILL MEET PRIVATELY.
PAKISTAN'S RELATIONS HIT ANOTHER
LOW AFTER 166 PEOPLE WERE KILLED
DURING AN ATTACK
BELGIUM BROADCASTING COMPANY
SAID A LONE GUNMAN OPENED FIRE
AUTHORITIES SAID THERE WERE LOTS
OF WITNESSES AND DESCRIBED THE
INVESTIGATION AS MOVING FAST
A JEWISH LEADER IN BRUSSEL
COMPARED THE ATTACK TO THE FATAL
SHOOTING IN 2012
AN AL QAEDA SYMPATHIZER WA
RESPONSIBLE IN THAT INCIDENT
KILLING 15 FIGHTERS LOYAL TO THE
MILITANT GROUP
10 GOVERNMENT TROOPS WERE KILLED
IN WHAT WAS DESCRIBED AS FIERC
FIGHTING
THE UNITED STATES HAS BEEN
PROVIDING SUPPORT TO THE
GOVERNMENT THERE WHICH HAS BEE
UNDER SIEGE FROM AL QAEDA.
AND THE AL SHABAAB ORGANIZATIO
USED A CAR BOMB TO GET INTO TH
COMPOUND SURROUNDING THE
PARLIAMENT BUILDING AND ENGAGE
IN A GUN BATTLE THAT LASTS
HOURS.
TEN SECURITY OFFERS AND SEVEN OF
THE MILITANTS WERE KILLED.
AL SHABOB WAS RESPONSIBLE FO
THE ATTACK IN KENYAN THAT LEFT
67 PEOPLE DEAD
39 PEOPLE WERE KILLED AND 90
WOUNDED DURING THE LATEST ATTACK
AFTER EXPLOSIONS AT AN OPEN AI
MARKET THIS WEEK
INCLUDES HEIGHTENED SECURITY
CHECKS
BACK IN THE U.S. SEVEN PEOPL
KILLED AND ANOTHER SEVEN WOUNDED
IN A SERIES OF DRIVE BUY
SHOOTINGS.
DEPUTIES EXCHANGED GUN FIRE WITH
THE GUNMAN
LATER FOUND DEAD IN HIS CAR WITH
A GUNSHOT WOUND TO THE HEAD.
THE GUNMAN DESCRIBED AS
STUDENT UNDER PSYCHIATRIC CARE
ALLEGEDLY MADE A TAPE PRIOR TO
THE INCIDENT
HE WAS APPARENTLY WAS ANGERE
AFTER BEING SPURNED BY A NUMBE
OF WOMEN
WORD OF THE SUPERINTENDENT O
THE SCHOOL DISTRICT, ALLEGEDLY
DESTROYING EVIDENCE IN A RAP
CASE
IN AN EFFORT TO PROTECT TW
PLAYERS ON THE HIGH SCHOOL'S
FOOTBALL TEAM.
THE SUPERINTENDENT PLEADED NOT
GUILTY TO FELONY COUNTS WITH
EVIDENCE AND OBSTRUCTING
JUSTICE.
THE TEENS LATER FOUND GUILTY AND
SENT TO YOUTH DETENTION CENTERS.
PROSECUTORS DROPPED MISDEMEANO
CHARGES AGAINST TWO ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL PRINCIPALS IN EXCHANG
FOR COMMUNITY SERVICE.
IN ALASKA, WILD LIFE REFUGE NO
COVERS ACRES
BATTLES THE BLAZE WHICH IS 20%
CONTAINED.
ANCHORAGE IS UNDER AN AI
QUALITY ALERT BECAUSE OF SMOKE
AND ANOTHER WILDFIRE
ON THIS MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND
PRESIDENT OBAMA ALLEGED TO GET
VETERANS THE CARE THEY NEED.
>> RECENT WEEKS WE HAVE SEEN HOW
MUCH MORE OUR NATION HAS TO DO
TO MAKE SURE ALL OUR VETERAN
GET THE CARE THEY DESERVE.
>>> CALLING FOR THE SECRETARY TO
RESIGN AND AN INVESTIGATIO
PROMISED
>> FOR MORE ABOUT THE POPE'S
TRIP TO THE MIDDLE EAST WE'R
JOINED BY THE SENIOR FELLOW AT
THE COUNCIL ON FOREIGN
RELATIONS.
THIS IS THE POPE'S SECOND BI
TRIP AND EVERYONE THINKS IT'
SIGNIFICANT BECAUSE IT'S THE
MIDDLE EAST BUT ALSO HOW HE'
DECIDING TO TAKE THE TRI
MATTERS.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
HE'S STARTING OFF IN JORDAN AN
THEN HE'S FLYING INTO BETHLEHE
AS THE STATE OF PALESTINE AN
GIVING ISRAELIS SOME CONCERN AND
HE'S GOING OFF TO ISRAEL AND
GOING TO VISIT THE TOMB OF THE
FATHER OF MODERN -
>> IS THIS A BALANCING ACT T
TRY TO STAY ON A RELIGIOUS
COURSE EVEN IN A POLITICAL
CONTEXT?
>> YEAH.
FIRST OF ALL, HE SAYS THIS I
GOING TO BE A TRIP FOCUSING ON
RELIGION NOT POLITICS.
IN THAT PART OF THE WORLD YO
CAN'T DISAGATE POLITICS FROM
RELIGION
PEOPLE WILL BE LOOKING CLOSELY
FOR SYMBOLS AND SIGNS IN TILTING
IN ONE DIRECTION OR THE OTHER.
>> AND PEACE TALKS HAV
COMPLETELY STALLED
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S GOING TO HIGHLIGHT TH
ABSENCE OF PEACE BETWEEN THEM.
HE'S VISITING BETHLEHEM A FE
MILES AWAY FROM JERUSALEM.
HE VISITS ISRAEL AND THE
PALESTINIANS SEPARATELY.
A LOT OF JUGGLING THAT HAS TO BE
DONE IN ORDER TO MAKE SURE TWO
SIDES ARE SWAJED
>> WHAT CAN THE POPE GET IN THIS
CONTEXT?
>> THE EASTERN ORTHODOX CHURCH
AND ROME IS HIS NUMBER ONE
OBJECTIVE.
AND HE'S BRINGING ALONG WITH HIM
A RAAB BUY
HE'S TRYING TO SHOW THE THRE
MODELS, CHRISTIANITY AND ISLAM
CAN LIVE TOGETHER.
IF HE SENDS THAT MESSAGE TO TH
PEOPLE OF THE HOLY LAND, THAT'
NOD BAD.
>> HE'S CHOSEN NOT TO HAVE THE
BULLET PROOF GLASS
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THIS IS ONLY HIS SECOND TRIP
ABROAD AS POPE
HE'S PICKED THIS AS AN IMPORTANT
THING TO HIM
POPES DON'T GO TO THE HOLY LAN
VERY OFTEN
THIS IS ONLY THE FOURTH VISI
FROM THE POPE.
HE CLEARLY WANTS TO GO
HE SEES GOING TO BE SCRUTINIZE
CLOSELY.
PEOPLE WILL BE WATCHING HI
>> ROBERT JOINING US FRO
WASHINGTON
THANKS FOR YOUR TIME
>> PLEASURE.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
>> NOW TO OUR SIGNATURE SEGMENT.
CHANCES ARE YOU TALKED TO
STRANGER OR TWO ON A FLIGHT YO
HAVE TAKEN
JOHN LARSON HAS AS WELL.
OFTEN.
IN FACT, HE'S USED THESE CHANC
ENCOUNTERS TO CREATE A SEGMENT
HE CALLS FLYING COACH DETAILIN
THE STORIES OF STRANGERS HE'
MET IN THE AIR
ON THIS MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND THE
REMARKABLE STORY HE FIRST TOLD
US LAST DECEMBER ABOUT ONE
FAMILY'S JOURNEY TO AMERICA AN
ITS EMBRACE OF THIS NATION
>> AS A CORRESPONDENT I HAVE
TRAVELED MORE THAN 2 MILLION
MILES ON ASSIGNMENT.
USUALLY IN A HURRY RUSHING T
ONE STORY AFTER ANOTHER.
BUT ALONG THE WAY, I NOTICED
THAT THE MOST POWERFUL STORIES
OFTEN WEREN'T WHERE I WA
HEADING TO OR COMING FROM AT
ALL.
BUT IN BETWEEN AND USUALLY
SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO ME
FOR EXAMPLE, I WAS FLYIN
AMERICAN AIRLINES FLIGHT 247
BOSTON TO DALLAS
I WAS IN 21C
NEXT TO ME IN 21B WAS NORMANDY
HE SHARED SUCH A STORY WITH ME
THAT WHEN HIS FAMILY INVITED M
TO JOIN THEM NEAR THEIR HOME I
NEW JERSEY, I GLADLY ACCEPTED.
TO UNDERSTAND WHAT'S GOING O
HERE, YOU SHOULD NOTE TW
THINGS
FIRST, EVEN THOUGH THIS FAMILY
COMES FROM COLUMBIA.
NORMANDY IS NAMED AFTER ONE OF
THE MOST IMPORTANT MOMENTS I
AMERICAN HISTORY
>> MY GRANDFATHER SAW THAT A
SUCH A POWERFUL MOMENT I
HISTORY.
THAT HE WANTED TO HAVE HIS
FAMILY CARRY A NAME THAT
REFERRED TO A NEW DAWN AND S
THE FIRST BORN IN THE FAMILY
RECEIVED THAT NAME
>> THAT FIRST BORN WAS THIS MAN.
NORMANDY SENIOR.
SENIOR WOULD ALSO HEAR SOMETHING
AMERICAN THAT WOULD INSPIRE HIM.
>> ASK NOT WHAT YOUR COUNTRY CAN
DO FOR YOU, ASK WHAT YOU CAN D
FOR YOUR COUNTRY
>> TO MAKE YOUR SOCIETY BETTER
THAN IT IS AND LEAVE IT BETTER
THAN IT WAS AFTER YOU'RE GONE.
>> HE NEVER FORGOT THAT.
>> IT STUCK IN HIS HEAD.
STUCK WITH HIM FOREVER
>> AS WE FLEW TOWARDS TEXAS, H
TOLD ME HOW HIS PARENTS HAD BEEN
COMFORTABLY MIDDLE CLASS I
COLUMBIA WHEN THE DRUG CARTELS
BEGAN DESTROYS WHAT THEY VALUE
MOST
RESPECT FOR PUBLIC SERVICE AND
EDUCATION.
JFK'S SPEECH STRUCK A NERVE WITH
HIS FATHER
HIS OLDEST SISTER WAS A LITTLE
GIRL WHEN THEY ARRIVED IN NE
JERSEY
>> WE HAD LIVING ROOMS AND SPARE
ROOMS DEPENDING ON THE FAMILY'
CIRCUMSTANCES.
>> BECAUSE THE CREDENTIALS
DIDN'T TRANSFER HIS MOTHER WOULD
SPEND THE NEXT 25 YEARS IN
AMERICA WORKING AT NEAR MINIMU
WAGE AS A DAY CARE ASSISTANT
HERE, SHE REMEMBERS SAYING
GOODBYE TO HER MOTHER.
>> I REMEMBER SHE SAID YOU CAN
MOVE OVER THERE, YOU CHOOSE,
YOU'RE GOING TO BE OKAY.
>> HIS FATHER, A COLLEGE
EDUCATED CHEMIST AND
STATISTICIAN WOUND UP BEING
LABOR IN AMERICA AS A STOCK BU
LIFTING BOXES UNTIL ONE BO
BROKE HIS BACK
HIS OTHER SISTER -
>> THEIR DREAMS, THEIR
PROFESSIONAL ASPIRATIONS THE
PUT ASIDE FOR US BECAUSE THE
BELIEVE WE COULD DO SOMETHIN
BETTER HERE.
>> IN THEIR SMALL TWO ROOM
APARTMENT THEIR MOM EMPHASIZED
LITERATURE
THEIR DAD TUTORED THEM IN MATH
FROM HIS COLUMBIAN COLLEGE
TEXTBOOKS.
AND THE OLDEST WENT TO THE IVY
LEAGUE'S BROWN UNIVERSITY AND ON
TO LAW SCHOOL.
AND MARCELA WENT ON TO BROWN
AND MEDICAL SCHOOL
THIRD CHILD, DAVID, HARVARD.
AND NORMANDY, I WOULD LIKE T
TELL YOU WENT TO COLLEGE WITHOUT
INCIDENT, IT DIDN'T HAPPEN THA
WAY.
HE WAS ALMOST KILLED IN
BICYCLE ACCIDENT
>> THAT WAS A HUGE BLOW TO ME.
>> HE WAS IN A COMA FOR DAYS
WHEN HE FINALLY WOKE UP, H
COULDN'T SEE WELL OR THINK
CLEARLY AND HE ATTACKED HI
REHABILITATION WITH SUCH
DETERMINATION THAT HIS FATHER,
PERHAPS, THE STRONGEST MAN H
KNEW BEGAN CALLING HIM A
TRUCADOR, THE FIGHTER.
SO HE ENTERED COLLEGE ON TIME.
A FULL YEAR BEFORE DOCTORS
THOUGHT HE COULD DO IT
>> HE'S ONE OF THE MOST PEOPLE I
ADMIRE IN THIS WORLD
HE'S SOMETHING ELSE.
>> FIVE WEEKS AFTER I MET HIM,
HE GRADUATED FROM HARVAR
UNIVERSITY
THE FOURTH IN HIS FAMILY TO EARN
AN IVY LEAGUE EDUCATION.
THEY HAD DONE IT WITH SCHOLA
SHIPS OF COURSE.
WHEN I ASKED HIM HOW HIS PARENTS
COULD AFFORD THE TRIP FOR TH
GRADUATION, HE SAID SOME GUY
SENT US $3,000
WHEN I ASKED WHO, HE SHOWED ME
THE GUY.
>> HERE WE HAVE --
>> THERE'S BILL GATES AN
ARMUNDI WEARING THE TIE.
ONE OF 40,000 ACADEMICALLY
GIFTED STUDENTS WHO GATES WILL
HELP PUT THROUGH COLLEGE OVE
THE NEXT SEVERAL YEARS
GATES MESSAGE TO ALL THE
SCHOLARS SOUNDED IDENTICAL T
WHAT HIS GRANDFATHER AND FATHE
HAD SAID
LIVE LIVES OF SERVICE.
>> I HOPE YOU WILL JUDGE
YOURSELF NOT ON YOUR
PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS
ALONE, BUT ALSO ON HOW WELL YO
TREATED PEOPLE THE WORLD AWA
WHO HAVE NOTHING IN COMMON WIT
YOU BUT THEIR HUMANITY
GOOD LUCK.
>> SO THAT'S WHAT NORMANDY AND
HIS SIBLINGS WILL DO, SERVICE IN
PUBLIC HELP AND THE LAW.
BY THE WAY, WHEN HIS FATHER WENT
TO HARVARD FOR THE GRADUATION HE
VISITED THE KENNEDY SCHOOL O
GOVERNMENT THERE AND FOUND THE
WORDS THAT LAUNCHED HIS AMERICAN
DREAM SO MANY YEARS AGO WRITTE
IN STONE
>> ASK WHAT YOU CAN DO FOR YOU
COUNTRY.
>> SO YOU CAN MAYBE UNDERSTAND
WHY MY SEAT MATES GRADUATION
PARTY WAS SOMETHING NOT TO B
MISSED
BEFORE I LEFT HE AND HIS FAMILY,
THERE WAS ONE MORE CELEBRATION
WHEN THEY TOOK ME ON A FAVORIT
FIELD TRIP
>> A SYMBOL OF LIBERTY AND
OPPORTUNITY.
>> THE STATUE OF LIBERTY JUST
COUPLE OF MILES FROM THEIR
APARTMENT WAS A YEARLY
DESTINATION FOR THIS FAMILY.
AND IT'S AS GOOD A PLACE AS AN
TO END THIS STORY.
NORMANDY'S FATHER HAD NOTHING
DO WITH MAKING BIG MONEY
THEY HAD THAT.
IT ALL HAD TO DO WHAT HIS FATHER
HEARD IN THE GUNS OF NORMANDY AN
WHAT HE HEARD AT JFK
WHEN YOU MEET THEM AND
UNDERSTAND THEIR SACRIFICE, YO
CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER IF MAYBE
THE GREAT LADY'S GAZE IS NOT
SCANNING THE HORIZON FOR
OPPORTUNITY AS MANY BELIEVE BU
INSTEAD, CHECKING TO SEE WHAT WE
HAVE DONE WITH OURS.
WHEN I ARRIVED IN DALLAS,
DIDN'T KNOW HE WOULD INVITE ME
TO HIS HARVARD GRADUATION.
YOU DON'T REALLY FIND GREA
STORES IN FLYING COACH
THEY FIND YOU.
WHICH I WOULD LEARN SOON WHEN
MET DONNA.
BUT SHE IS AN ENTIRELY OTHER
STORY.
>> A QUICK UPDATE.
THIS PAST WEDNESDAY, NORMAND
GRADUATED.
NEXT WEEK HE FINISHES HI
MEDICAL SCHOOL REQUIREMENTS AN
HOPES TO BECOME A SURGEON.
AND AFTER PUTTING ALL HIS KIDS
THROUGH SCHOOL,
NORMANDY
SENIOR GOT HIS BACHELOR'S LAST
YEAR AND MADE THE DEAN'S LIST.
IN ANTICIPATION OF MEMORIAL DAY,
FIND OUT WHERE CONGRESS STANDS
ON OPENING A PATHWAY T
CITIZENSHIP.
VISIT NEWS HOUR.PBS.ORG.
>> Announcer: THIS IS PBS NEWS
HOUR WEEKEND SATURDAY.
>> A PROGRAMMING NOTE.
TUESDAY EVENING FRONTLIN
PREMIERS BATTLE ZONES, A REPOR
FROM INSIDE UKRAINE AND SYRIA.
WHAT FOLLOWS IS AN EXCERPT WIT
THE LEADER OF RIGHT SECTOR A
UKRAINIAN NATIONALIST GROUP.
>> I WANTED TO MAKE THE LEADER
OF RIGHT SECTOR.
TO MANY OF THE MILLIONS OF
UKRAINIANS WHO SIDE WITH RUSSIA,
HE'S A NAZI AND THE MOST
FEARED MAN IN THE COUNTRY.
HE INVITED ME TO HIS HEAVILY
GUARDED HEADQUARTERS
>> WE HAVE A CLEAR ATTITUD
TOWARDS NON-UKRAINIANS AND
UKRAINE.
BROTHERLY TO THOSE WHO STAND
WITH US IN OUR STRUGGLE FO
STATEHOOD.
TOLERANT TO THOSE WHO LIVE HER
AND DO NOT OPPOSE OUR FIGHT.
PUTIN HAS REPEATEDLY SAI
THERE'S NO SUCH COUNTRY AS
UKRAINE.
EVERY EMPIRE IS AFRAID O
GUERILLA WAR
THAT'S OUR WAY TO VICTORY.
>> IT'S WORDS LIKE THIS THAT
HAVE FEARS AMONG MANY RUSSIANS
SPEAKING UKRAINIANS.
HE WOULD LIKE TO TAKE OVER
CRIMEA, A SOUTHERN REGION OF
UKRAINE.
[ SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE
>> BEFORE WE LEAVE YOU TONIGHT
A QUICK RECAP, AUTHORITIES SAY
THE 22-YEAR-OLD GUNMAN WHO
KILLED SIX IN CALIFORNIA LAS
NIGHT BEFORE BEING FOUND DEA
HAD POSTED A VIDEO COMPLAINING
OF LONELINESS, REJECTION AND
UNFULFILLED DESIRES AND SAYING
HE'S ON A RETRIBUTION AGAINS
WOMEN.
HE FAMILY CONTACTED POLICE WIT
THEIR CONCERNS PRIOR TO TH
SHOOTINGS.
THERE HAS BEEN AN ARREST I
BELGIUM.
THREE PEOPLE KILL AND A FOURTH
WOUNDED.
POLICE ARE HUNTING FOR A SECON
SUSPECT.
AND AL QAEDA MILITANTS MAJOR
ATTACKS.
THAT'S IT FOR THIS WEEKEND
THANKS FOR WATCHING.